was good YouTube JB here and there's
going to be episode 5 my searching for
informs pack opening series on this
channel and right now we're going to
jump straight back so we're gonna be
opening some packs up with some coins
and if you are near to this series i
have opened up some pretty beast players
in the previous episode so make sure
check them out let's see we get right
here in this first pack and that look
like it said Otsu so not that great of a
player but pretty much the main focus of
this series is trying to open as many
informs as we can and just trying to
keep track of all the info I open
throughout the year so hopefully by the
end of the year we can say when you
opened about 10 to 20 informs that would
be awesome hopefully even more than that
more than 10 would be great but I've
know last year I don't have that grid of
luck so pretty much the main topic of
this video I'm going to be talking about
though we're going to talk about some
iron man 3 and I was just on Twitter
right before i made this video and one
of the trending the turning topics were
iron man 3 and Tony Stark and all these
things I haven't do with iron man and
that was pretty much because the trailer
just came out right there we do get
gonzo wow he has 46 pace that's horrible
but he is in the 4 12 12 so hopefully he
does sell by sorry that's just horrible
for people 46 phase no one's own no
one's gonna want to use him I thought
he's a 5 stars killer though so i'll
make sure to check that out later by
water storm in the club for now but yeah
i was on twitter before when I was
training and so the trailer did just
come out so I'll link the trailer down
the description below and also if you
guys do want to follow me on twitter I'm
all there all the time you guys can
follow me my twitter name is the same as
my youtube name at president jb so make
sure just uh if you watch this video oh
right there we do get um sitting clear
he was a silver last year he was awesome
i probably won't use his gold version
just because I don't have a BPL team but
hopefully he stole sells for a decent
amount but he probably won't because his
silver was just really overpowered but
if you guys do want to follow me you
guys can definitely do so and I will
respond to you guys I love to talk fifa
madden sports anything you guys want to
talk about so that link will be down in
the description below and also i will be
live streaming on Twitch pretty soon
just trying to get it all figured out
and set up so the link to my twitch will
be down below also it's just
twitch.tv / president JB and so I'll
link the iron man 3 trailer down there
also but I just wanted I just don't know
how popular that is in the UK so you
guys can let me know that would be
appreciated if you guys do enjoy I know
here in the US there's some diehard fans
of comic books and stuff like that so is
the Iron Man series poplar out in the UK
is that something you guys are
interested in and are a lot of you guys
looking forward to that movie and
theater is coming out in May so I'll
link that description down there it's
amazing how a two minute trailer can
just attract so much attention and cause
cause the movie to trend on Twitter
right when it came out so it's just a
very popular series Iron Man 1 was such
a great movie you get if you guys
haven't watched there are many movies i
do recommend it so yeah i'll leave that
down there and just let me know what you
guys think about it that would be
appreciated so as always guys I hope you
guys have some good luck opening packs
take care of one and peace